Scout site images used by views docs (#17472)
docker/docs: scout/dashboard.md

## Packages and dependencies

> The **Packages and dependencies** tab shows all **Packages** and **Base images** across images in an organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Packages and dependencies** tab shows all packages and base images across images in an organization.
```

Reviewer: I think it was correct the first time around

Author: @aevesdocker Yeah, I did this so I could refer to the tabs without mentioning them twice? 🤷 . Waddy think?

Each entry in the list shows the following details:

- The package name.
- The package type.
- The versions of the package used by images in the organization.
- The number of images that use the package.

### Base images

Each entry in the list shows the following details:

- The base image name.
- The versions of the base image used by images in the organization.
- The number of images that use the base image. Selecting the link opens [the list of images that use the base image view](#images-using-base-image).
- The number of packages in the base image.

## Images using base image

![A screenshot of the Docker Scout view showing images that use a selected base image](./images/dashboard-images-used-by.png)

The **Images** tab shows all images in an organization that use a specific base image.

Each entry in the list shows the following details:

- The repository name. Selecting the link opens [the list of tags for the repository](#repository-tag-list).
- The most recent tag of the image and its vulnerabilities. Selecting the link for the tag opens [the Image layer detail view](#image-layer-view) for the repository.
- The operating system and architecture of the image.

> - The base image tag used by the repository. Selecting the link opens [the image layer detail view](#image-layer-view) for the that version.

Reviewer 2: **nitpick:**
```suggestion
- The base image tag used by the repository. Selecting the link opens [the image layer detail view](#image-layer-view) for that version.
```

- The package type.
- The number of images that use the package.

### Images using base image

![A screenshot of the Docker Scout view showing images that use a selected base image](./images/dashboard-images-used-by.png)

> The **Images using base image** tab shows all images in an organization that use a specific base image.

Reviewer 2: **issue:** here are the initial designs for the base image page:

![image](https://github.com/docker/docs/assets/5558761/a012a23d-15e3-4a55-8405-5af3a7d8ecf1)

I noticed we didn't add the `Images` tab on top (even though it's the only one that we will have for now), which is what you can currently see in scout.docker.com. The team is adding this tab, with top priority, so that we don't have to come back and change docs (potentially only the screenshot). We should have it live in the next hour or so, hopefully.

With that in mind, I think this section should probably say `Images tab` instead of `Images using base image tab` or do you believe it's best to keep it as is?

Author: @fdiogo True, I think I was using that terminology in my own head to describe what it was showing and forgot to edit own my own internal monologue… And we can wait for the image update certainly.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Images** tab shows all images in an organization that use a specific base image.
```

Reviewer 2: The change should be live right now! [Example](https://scout.docker.com/reports/org/docker/base-image/host/hub.docker.com/repo/alpine/images)

> Each entry in the list shows the following details:

Reviewer 2: **suggestion:** could we potentially talk about how we get to this page? As in, from the images page

- The repository name. Selecting the link opens [the list of tags for the repository](#repository-tag-list).
- The most recent tag of the image and its vulnerabilities. Selecting the link for the tag opens [the Image layer detail view](#image-layer-view) for the repository.
- The operating system and architecture of the image.

> - The base image and tag used by the repository. Selecting the link for the base image opens [the vulnerabilities view](#vulnerabilities) for the base image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The base image tag used by the repository. Selecting the link opens [the image layer detail view](#image-layer-view) for the that version.
```

- The package type.
- The number of images that use the package.

### Images using base image

<!-- TODO: Screenshot -->

The **Images using base image** tab shows all images in an organization that use a specific base image.

Each entry in the list shows the following details:

- The repository name. Selecting the link opens [the list of tags for the repository](#repository-tag-list).
- The registry location of the repository.

> - The most recent tag of the image and the vulnerabilities for that version. Selecting the link for the tag opens [the comparison view](#comparing-two-tag-images) for the repository.

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is correct. There are no entry points directly to image comparison from this page https://www.figma.com/file/WJD5iilqvc9CjIbbCN3r6W/Docker-Scout-Site?type=design&node-id=832-160854&t=SC6dctwpYrofEvFO-4

Reviewer 3: Clicking on the hyperlink in the 'Most recent image' column will bring users to the image layer detail view here https://www.figma.com/file/WJD5iilqvc9CjIbbCN3r6W/Docker-Scout-Site?type=design&node-id=832-147163&t=SC6dctwpYrofEvFO-4
